by August the warmer temperatures are
now the colony to break up winter has
taken its toll and the males have lost
half their body weight
they're also left holding the baby these
newly hatched chicks can expect very
little from their fathers after four
months of fasting there is nothing solid
in a male stomach but he is able to
produce a protein which secretion but
that is barely enough to keep a chicken
i three-week fattened up from two months
fishing the females reappear with
magically accurate timing
in such a crowd calling is the best way
to locate a partner
a female arrives to take over at first
the male is a little reluctant to
abandon his offspring once the exchange
starts it needs to be quick a few
minutes on the ice would almost
certainly kill the chick now at last the
chick to feed properly
during the next five months
an emperor chick will eat 100 kilos of
food in one big helping it can eat a
third of its own bodyweight now at last
their fathers have a chance to eat but
the ice edge may be several hundred
kilometers away emperor penguins have a
faster mode of transport than just plain
walking bacon toboggan
from now on males and females will take
turns to go fishing
each trip may involve traveling
thousands of kilometres in search of
food
you